feat: suppress cabin announcements when no pax (#8309)
flybywiresim/aircraft: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [EFCS] Add precontrol to roll angle controller to improve dynamic response - @lukecologne (luke)
1. [EFCS] Increase maximum sim rate limit to 8 due to improvements in roll law stability - @lukecologne (luke)
1. [HOPPIE] Remove ATSU/AOC source checks - @auroraisluna (alepouna)

> 1. [EFB] Added suppressing the cabin sounds (announcements/passanger ambience) when the flight is without passengers. - @LouisVenhoff (LouisDev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [EFB] Added the ability to suppress the cabin sounds (Announcements/Passengers ambience/Music) when the flight is without PAX. - @LouisVenhoff (LouisDev)
```

> 1. [EFB] Added the ability to suppress the cabin sounds (Announcements/Passengers ambience/Music) when the flight is without PAX. - @LouisVenhoff (LouisDev)

Reviewer 2: Please merge/rebase and move to 0.13.0.
